okay this is gonna be an updated video
of regret changed a few things change
out the seat went to a little bit bigger
seat two inch Springs probably have to
go to three you can see changed out the
bolts to mount the rear fender to these
industrial knobs found those in
mcmaster-carr yeah I think they're
groovy anyway as you can see when I was
mounting the rear fender uh was on a
worn tire and I did not compensate for a
new tire and expansion yeah I'm kind of
laughing out at myself anyway had to
switch out the taillight from vertical
to horizontal ya state cop didn't really
like that too much so figured and change
it make the fuzz happy so anyway
and she's 32 she hasn't been launched in
like 10 years
chopped it involved it still didn't
watch the frame or anything I don't know
might wash it one of these years it's
hard to get dirt looks like that right
carbs are a little better start her up
stay tuned kids